feat!: Remove deprecated ProviderNotReady event (#239)
open-feature/kotlin-sdk: docs/multiprovider/README.md

Children are evaluated in the order provided. Put the most authoritative or fastest provider first. For example, place a small in-memory override provider before a remote provider to reduce latency.

### Events and status aggregation

> `MultiProvider` listens to child provider events and emits a single, aggregate status via `OpenFeatureAPI.statusFlow`. Per the OpenFeature specification: a child stays `NOT_READY` until it emits `PROVIDER_READY`, `PROVIDER_ERROR`, or `PROVIDER_STALE` (or only `PROVIDER_CONFIGURATION_CHANGED`, which does not change readiness). The highest-precedence status among children wins:

Reviewer: There is no migration note for callers currently using `ProviderNotReady` or `ProviderError.error`. Since both are removed in this PR, it would help to add a brief callout here (or link to the changelog) so readers know what to replace them with.

```

`ProviderConfigurationChanged` is re-emitted as-is. When the aggregate status changes due to a child event, the original triggering event is also emitted.

> ⚠ Breaking changes:  

Reviewer: I think I misdirected you when commenting about the migration path. The README isn't actually a good place for this; it should only contain information about the state of the codebase _now_ as opposed to breaking changes made in the past. This would be fine to be in the PR description. The changelog will point to the PR as a breaking change, so readers can get these instructions from there.

- `ProviderNotReady` event has been removed.

> - `ProviderError.error` no longer accepts an `error` value. Instead, it now optionally accepts an `EventDetails` object (`eventDetails: EventDetails?`).

Reviewer: ProviderError.error always accepted an EventDetails object. only the lack of `error` is new.

```suggestion
- `ProviderError.error` no longer accepts an `error` value. Instead, it now only accepts an optional `EventDetails` object (`eventDetails: EventDetails?`).
```
